# Natural-Gas-Demand-Prediction

In 2019, global demand for natural gas increased by 1.5% compared to 2018, that is a 57.9 Bcm addition, up to 3 986 Bcm. At the OECD level (OECD stands for Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development), natural gas demand was boosted by 1.9% in 2019, 34.5 Bcm more than in 2018. This increase is due to the OECD Americas (+22.3 Bcm) coupled with OECD Europe (+13.9 Bcm). The incremental demand came mostly from the United States (+22.2 Bcm), Germany (+6.7 Bcm) and Australia (+6.7 Bcm), but those volumes were partially offset by the decreases experienced in Japan (-5.6 Bcm), Turkey (-4.7 Bcm) and Korea (-3.0 Bcm). Similarly, demand for natural gas in non-OECD countries grew 1.1%, which represents an increase of 23.4 Bcm. That increase was largely driven by the 24.1 Bcm of additional demand observed in China in 2019, backed up by Non-OECD Europe and Eurasia where Turkmenistan experienced a 23.3% growth (+6.1 Bcm). Several countries in the Non-OECD Middle East region also contributed: Iran (+3.8 Bcm), Iraq (+3.4 Bcm), Kuwait (+2.5 Bcm) and Bahrain (+2.0 Bcm). Being able to improve natural gas demand prediction is extremely valuable as this will allow companies like ONGC to optimize their storage capacity, strategically plan for future demand, and lower the risk of energy shortage. This will prove to be beneficial for organizations in multiple aspects. Therefore, this project aims to predict the demand of Natural Gas by combining and analysing a wide range of datasets including the Henry Hub Natural Gas spot price, US weather averages (daily), US Natural Gas storage (weekly) and production (monthly), US population (Annually), and Import & Exports (Monthly) over 10 years.
